{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf340
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;\f2\fnil\fcharset129 Batang;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ri380\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf0 Kerf table lamp research
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri380\partightenfactor0

\f0 \cf0 Kerf lamp is interactive, customized and assembled design made by industrial designers in Massey University.
\f1 \

\f0 It is an open design that anyone can edit and adjust. They have used MDF for the body of the kerf table lamp; also they had simple Arduino circuit and an ultra sensor to control LED. This sensor senses hand movements allowing people to turn lamp on/off, and also change brightness. Their pattern for the lamp has been designed on the best curling result and also shows the beauty.
\f1 \
\

\f0 http://opendesignlab.tumblr.com/archive
\f1 \
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri380\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf0 Quote Research
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri380\partightenfactor0

\f0 \cf0  \'91The maker movement is not about the \'91stuff\'92 we can make, it\'92s about the meaning we can make.\'92
\f1 \

\f0 Jay silver who is the CEO of Joylabz implements that the maker movement is not about robots or 3D printing or even building things but it is the new renaissance, post industrial. Silver briefly says each person who is fluent with the ideas can lead maker movement. They don\'92t have to be a designer or have certain tools; they just need an idea to experiment together. Silver doesn\'92t want everybody the same. He wants people to think in more unique ways. Silver wants people to feel freedom from joining the maker movement because everyone has different worldview and it is free for everyone to be part of making the world together with their own hand.
\f1 \
\

\f0 http://www.linkedin.com/pulse/maker-movement-3d-printers-jay-silver
\f1 \
\

\f0 Here are two other case studies that illustrate these ideas:
\f1 \

\f0 Mark Hatch CEO of tech shop
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri380\partightenfactor0

\f2 \cf0 http://www.techshop.ws/images/0071821139%20Maker%20Movement%20Manifesto%20Sample%20Chapter.pdf
\f1 \

\f2 Maker media
\f1 \

\f2 http://makermedia.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/10/impact-of-the-maker-movement.pdf
\f1 \
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri380\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf0 Summarize
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri380\partightenfactor0

\f0 \cf0 \'91You must learn to make. You must always seek to learn more about your making. You may become a journeyman or master craftsman, but you will still learn, want to learn, and push yourself to learn new techniques, materials, and processes. Building a lifelong learning path ensures a rich and rewarding making life and, importantly, enables one to share.\'92 (Maker movement manifesto, Mark Hatch)
\f1 \

\f0 \'91I am a maker with my own two hands I forge the future from my imagining. My work, my sweat with their tools I can build worlds, here I put wire and foam transistor and plastic rubber metal and wood together to make something new. What does it do where will this take us, new places, new worlds all from my workshop\'92
\f2  (Malcolm S. hoover 2014)
\f1 \
\

\f0 Their project on Kerf table lamp reflects Jay silver\'92s quote and we want to join the maker movement as well because by making, creating and expressing ourselves we feel whole, we feel the freedom. Digital Fabrication class will be the starting point of this journey and we will carry on to do so in the future.
\f1 \
}