{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;\f2\fnil\fcharset129 Batang;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12740\viewh12060\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ri380

\f0\b\fs28 \cf0 Kerf table lamp research
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri380

\f0 \cf0 Kerf lamp is interactive, customized and assembled design made by industrial designers in Massey University.
\f1 \

\f0 It is an open design that anyone can edit and adjust. They have used MDF for the body of the kerf table lamp; also they had simple Arduino circuit and an ultra sensor to control LED. This sensor senses hand movements allowing people to turn lamp on/off, and also change brightness. Their pattern for the lamp has been designed on the best curling result and also shows the beauty.
\f1 \
\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://opendesignlab.tumblr.com/archive"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0 http://opendesignlab.tumblr.com/archive}}\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri380

\f0\b\fs28 \cf0 Quote Research
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri380

\f0 \cf0  \'91The maker movement is not about the \'91stuff\'92 we can make, it\'92s about the \'91meaning\'92 we can make.\'92\
This quote from Jay Silver was inspired by maker movement trend. The maker movement was first developed by people who wanted to develop unique technology products and now anyone could be part of it. By looking at Maker Movement manifesto written by Mark Hatch you can simply discover that maker movement was possible because everyone was willing to share their creation and ideas for others to recreate.\
Like this Silver didn\'92t want everybody to be the same, instead he wanted people with different worldview to be part of this movement and to share ideas in order to create something better than before, this way our world will be developed by our own hands. 
\f1 \
\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.linkedin.com/pulse/maker-movement-3d-printers-jay-silver"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0 http://www.linkedin.com/pulse/maker-movement-3d-printers-jay-silver}}
\f0 \
\
Here are more information on Maker movement trend:\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.techopedia.com/definition/28408/maker-movement"}}{\fldrslt http://www.techopedia.com/definition/28408/maker-movement}}
\f1 \
\

\f0 Here are two other case studies that illustrate these ideas:
\f1 \

\f0 Mark Hatch CEO of tech shop
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri380
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.techshop.ws/images/0071821139%20Maker%20Movement%20Manifesto%20Sample%20Chapter.pdf"}}{\fldrslt 
\f2 \cf0 http://www.techshop.ws/images/0071821139%20Maker%20Movement%20Manifesto%20Sample%20Chapter.pdf}}\

\f2 Maker media
\f1 \
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://makermedia.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/10/impact-of-the-maker-movement.pdf"}}{\fldrslt 
\f2 http://makermedia.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/10/impact-of-the-maker-movement.pdf}}\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri380

\f0 \cf0 After the research on Kerf table lamp I\'92ve noticed that the MDF wasn\'92t the best option for sustainability but their ultra sensor and the design of the lamp had their own uniqueness which fascinated our group. Our group will follow our own manifesto and always challenge ourselves, work to create sustainable outcome, be customized, be adaptable, be open minded, work to the best of our skills but ask for help when we need it, make prototype, be organized and keep moving forward. Together as a group we will always remember that we are part of this maker movement and like others who shared their ideas we want to do the same.
\f1 \
}